{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Summary of programs:\
\
Shock_db_manager:\
Program to manage the shock database. \
Operates on 'Single_and_Multi_SC_Shock_database.idl' file (database file)\
Running the program brings up a series of options\
\
If no current database is found, it will start from scratch with the following options:\
   (a)dd new entry \'97> add new entry by number (777, 849, etc)\
   (s)earch for new entries \'97> List all shock files (searches for multi-spacecraft files)\
   e(x)it the program and SAVE' \'97> exit and save\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 If a current database is found, it will have following options:\
   (a)dd new entry \'97> add new entry by number (777, 849, etc)\
   (d)elete entry\'97> Deletes and entry (can\'92t delete the only entry, to modify an entry, delete and re-add)\
   (i)formation of entry \'97> print out data from entry in database\
   (s)earch for new entries \'97> List all shock files (searches for multi-spacecraft files)\
   e(x)it the program and SAVE' \'97> exit and save\
\
Will prompt a note for each entry. \
\
Program will save database after each addition. \
Will organize and save final when exiting. \
Will also automatically generate CSV file\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
Shock_db_to_array: \
Simple function to convert the structure from a shocks.event.data format to an organize shocks.data format to better save to a csv file. Basically puts all the data into an organized sets of arrays to be saved. Automatically called by shock_db_manager at the end and by shock_db_compilier.\
\
Returns the organized array to immediately be saved to csv.\
\
\
Shock_db_compiler:\
Builds database and csv file from a preset list rather than individually. \
Saves time when building the database to not have to enter each desired number. \
Runs on list in script and saves database idl file and csv file\
Can\'92t add notes, automatically adds a generic note\
\
}